#MUC6
a 31-store new york-area chain
a 50-store audio and video retail chain based in sacramento, calif.
a big board spokesman
a chrysler spokesman
a claim that a "pay parity" clause in their contract was triggered when another eastern union received a pay raise
a coalition of four of pan am's five unions
a code name
a compact version of its dominant vhs format
a "cordial" initial meeting with mr. coleman last thursday
a corporate campaign
acting president of its sun microsystems computer corp. unit
adverse material information" regarding woolworth's finances
a "family of products, camcorders and vcr decks," whose sales will reinforce one another
a federal mediator
a few firms
a few small work units
a framed page from the new york times, dated dec. 8, 1987, showing a year-end chart of the stock market crash earlier that year
a full-featured, $1,500 palm-sized 8mm model, the ccd-tr5 handycam
a graduate of harvard law school, ms. washington
a group of top corporate executives
a joint venture of cbs inc. and news corp.'s 20th century fox studio, which isn't supplying any 8mm tapes at present
a leading videocassette distributor that is a joint venture of cbs inc. and news corp.'s 20th century fox studio, which isn't supplying any 8mm tapes at present
a lean, intense man with a piercing stare, mr. york
a "major" restructuring charge of more than 135 million canadian dollars (us$102.7 million) in the fourth quarter
ambassador-at-large to coordinate u.s. policy toward the former soviet union
american airlines unit
american's more than 10,000 flight attendants
an agreement eliminating intermediate-range nuclear missiles, signed at a summit meeting in washington last december
analysts
an amiable cartoon character named "butthead."
an electronics analyst at smith barney
a net loss of c$7.4 million, or 18 canadian cents a share, on revenue of c$190.4 million
a new regulation
an fcc waiver
an ibm spokesman
an operating loss for its fiscal fourth quarter, ended aug. 31.
a northwest spokesman
another blow to twa's bid to buy the company for $52 a share
another eastern union
a pan am director
a pilot's union spokesman
a recent hearing of the congressional black caucus brain trust on crime
a settlement through mediation
a sharp rise in opec production
a six-month confrontation between capital cities/abc inc. and a technicians union
a special committee, appointed by the board last week and led by mr. adams,
a spokesman for the company
a spokesman for the national association of broadcast employees and technicians, which last struck nbc, a general electric co. unit, in 1976
a stamping plant near detroit
a start treaty
a strategic arms reduction, or start, treaty
a strike by the newspaper guild
a subsidiary of sgs thomson microelectronics group
a summit meeting in washington last december
a teamsters chapter
a tentative, three-year labor contract with about 18,000 members of the iwa-canada union
a three-year-old effort by the pilots to prove they had a valid contract in 1986, and that eastern violated a clause in it that would give them raises if any other group got raises
a "transition" management team that will consolidate the assets of recently acquired paramount communications inc. and those of blockbuster entertainment corp. after the completion of viacom's separate merger with blockbuster
a unit of the big board
a unit of the japanese consumer-electronics giant
a vice president in the los angeles office of the hay group, a management consulting firm
a waiver from the fcc that would allow him to own the post and his fox broadcasting co. network affiliate
b-1b aircraft repair
bid
big board trading
chairman and chief executive officer of usair
chairman and chief executive of piedmont
chairman of the board's executive committee, which will also include messrs. graham and spoon.
chairman of twa
chairman of ual corp.'s united airlines
chairwoman of the criminal law committee of the judicial conference of the u.s.
chief executive officer of eastern
chief executive officer of mccann-erickson
chief executive of news corp.'s news america publishing unit
chief executive of the franklin park, ill., company
chief operating officer of mary kay cosmetics inc., the company's operating subsidiary.
chrysler canada's chief negotiator, william fisher,
chrysler corp.'s canadian unit
chrysler's move
clients
clinton officials
clinton transition officials
coke advertising
coke's ubiquitous advertising
conciliatory gestures to opec
costs at chrysler
court in pittsburgh
department officials
deputy secretary of state in massachusetts
digital service
director of customer service in canada
director of the national institutes of health
dr. sagan's suit
eastern airlines pilots
eastern's president
editor of new issues, an investment newsletter,
the editor
emirates' officials
employees
executive vice presidents at first fidelity
existing vhs machines
farella's new "multimedia practice group,"
farm
farm-debt
farm-debt mediation
federal communications commission regulations prohibiting crossownership
federal regulations that would prevent him from bidding for the post
firm
first fidelity's chairman
five top executives
food analyst with william blair & co. in chicago
forecasts
former eastern president
general counsel for the sia
gitano chief financial officer
gitano customers
gross margin
guild members
head of pillsbury's telecommunications practice
head of the airline division of the international brotherhood of teamsters
head of the food and drug administration
head of the machinists' union at eastern
her amendment
her boss, chairman john dingell (d., mich.) of the house energy and commerce committee.
her son, donald e. graham, the company's chief executive officer.
himself
his $25 million purchase of the bankrupt tabloid friday
his appointment
his conference
his fox broadcasting co. network affiliate
his interest in buying back the ailing new york post
his plush office, filled with photographs of sailing as well as huge models of, among other things, a dutch tugboat
his speech to congress
ibm's costs
ibm shares
ibm's new chairman, louis v. gerstner jr.,
ibm's selection of mr. york
inaccurate gross profit margins in at least three of the company's quarterly reports during the fiscal year ended jan. 29
international business machines corp.'s metaphor inc. unit
investors, familiar with the up-and-down cycles on seventh avenue,
its attempt to take over usair
its belvidere, ill., plant
its current owner, real estate developer peter kalikow;
its fiscal fourth quarter, ended aug. 31.
its longtime chief financial officer, frank metz,
its nasdaq symbol
its new connecticut and new york subsidiaries
its sec filing
its sister company, panasonic
its stock
its stock, which was priced at $20.50 a share when the company went public on sept. 30,
its subsidiary, western union telegraph co.,
its teamsters union
its vhs-c models
its video walkman line
labor contracts with the united telegraph workers and the communications workers of america
labor-cost concessions of $180 million a year for three years from the unions of its pan american world airways unit
labor costs
large british columbia forest products companies
lawywers
leaders of the unions representing northwest pilots and machinists
losses of $10 million a year under its current owner, real estate developer peter kalikow;
manager of petroleum planning, at bonner & moore market consultants, houston
mandatory arbitration
mandatory arbitration agreements
marketing director of playtex's gitano brand
matsushita electric co.'s 51%-owned jvc unit
mca inc.'s home-video unit, which distributes movies made by universal studios
members of the office and professional employees international union local 153
merger between piedmont and usair
merger with usair
minnesota mediation
minnesota's mediation program
minnesota's program
more than 135 million canadian dollars (us$102.7 million) in the fourth quarter
more usair shares
more usair stock
ncsl's general counsel
negotiators in the bitter labor battle at eastern airlines
net income for the period ended dec. 26
news corp.'s news america publishing unit
newspapers
new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday
nigeria's oil minister
nine craft unions at the post
northwest's largest union
norway's largest bank
officials
one of its own, illinois democratic sen. carol moseley-braun
one of the prime legislative vehicles for dealing with that explosion of violence -- the senate-passed crime legislation that president clinton backed in his state of the union address
one of the senate measures strongly opposed by most members of the black caucus
one suit
opec output
opec output, which had begun climbing in late june, as previously reported,
opec's most notable quota violator
opec's president
others, such as atlantic richfield co. chairman lodwrick m. cook and zenith electronics corp. chairman jerry pearlman,
our butthead
output
pan am's pilots union
paramount pictures studio
paramount's formal representative on the transition team
partner in charge of a 22-attorney "technology practice group" at the san francisco law firm cooley, godward, castro, huddleson & tatum
pay
pay-cut
philip morris unit
pilots who in 1985 were offered and accepted pre-hiring training with the knowledge they would be expected to fly if united's service were to be disrupted by a strike later that year
president clinton's deficit-reduction plan
president of eastern's flight attendants union
president of genetic therapy
president of gitano's children's wear division
president of j&j's mcneil pharmaceutical subsidiary, which was merged with another j&j unit, ortho pharmaceutical corp., this year in a cost-cutting move
president of merrill lynch canada inc., a unit of merrill lynch & co.,
president of newsweek, a magazine owned by washington post.
president of theatrical exhibition for paramount communications inc., in charge of the company's 1,300 movie screens in 12 countries
president of the canadian auto workers union
president of the north american securities administrators association
president of united
previously executive vice president of u.s. operations for the cosmetics unit
public-relations spokesman for the san francisco law firm farella, braun & martel
publisher of executive compensation reports
publisher of the washington post newspaper
rear commodore at the new york yacht club
representatives of the company and the international association of machinists
revenue of c$190.4 million
rko-warner vice president, for purchasing
sale
sales of gitano clothes
second application with the department of transportation for permission to acquire usair
senior director of ual
senior vice president, europe, africa and mediterranean
seven civil cases brought by the federal aviation administration in connection with the miswiring of fire-protection systems on its jetliners
several management consultants
several other los angeles-based firms
share tender offer for all the stock outstanding of winston-salem, n.c.,-based piedmont
some law firms
some lawyers
striking auto workers
strike
the upper saddle river, n.j.-based communications systems company
such excess output by the emirates
sun's gross margins for the quarter, which were 39%, up sharply from 23% a year earlier
sun's vice president
super vhs version of vhc-c
s-vhs-c
systemhouse's vice chairman with responsibility for business development
talks
talks with the communications workers of america and the international brotherhood of electrical workers
tender offer for piedmont
that arena
that figure
that meeting
that plant
the 19 million barrels a day
the $200 million
the "570 newly hired pilots" whom united "tried to fire" because they "refused to cross picket lines."
the 57-year-old union leader
the accord
the acquisition
the agreement
the airline
the allegations
the annual gathering of theatrical exhibitors in las vegas
the apparel retailer
the arbitration
the atmosphere in discussions here
the attendants
the attendants union
the auto maker
the bha designation that replaced the sagan code name
the biggest ever collected from boeing and perhaps from any airplane maker
the big hollywood talent agency
the bill
the birds eye acquisition
the birds eye frozen vegetables brand
the black leaders
the blockbuster merger
the briefing room for the press, for decades situated in the west wing of the white house,
the campaign
the canadian strike
the canadian union
the chairman
the chrysler talks
the clinton administration
the clinton camp
the clinton program
the committee
the common stock of woolworth
the companies
the company
the company, based in carmel, ind.,
the company's standing outside auditor, price waterhouse,
the company's unfunded pension
the company's vice chairman, who oversees gitano's production at its factories in 31 countries,
the computer-services company
the contract
the contracts, signed in 1985 following strikes by the unions,
the current briefing room
the dean of the black caucus, democratic rep. john conyers of michigan,
the deficit-reduction bill, the final version of which is now being hammered out by house and senate negotiators
the drop
the dutch concern
the earnings of united airlines
the emirates' current production
the emirates' official news agency
the emirates' production level
the emirates' ruler
the equity play
the executive recruiter who arranged the genetic therapy placement
the executives
the federal mediation board
the filings
the fine
the fire-extinguishing systems
the firm
the firm's 15-member "media team," formed six months ago,
the five executives
the ford-uaw talks
the franklin park, ill., company
the gestures
the head of farella's new "multimedia practice group," partner bruce maximov,
the hiring of mr. york
the houston democrat who led the caucus hearing
the incoming clinton administration
the industry
the investigation
their summit in moscow later this month
the italian microchip maker
the iwa-canada settlement
the japanese company
the journal article
the journal's april 17 article about richard ferris, ual's chief executive officer
the law firm of paul, weiss, rifkind, wharton & garrison
the long-term debt of den norske creditbank
the long-term debt of norway's largest bank
the machinery maker
the machinists union
the machinists' union at eastern
the major outstanding issue in the negotiations with the flight attendants
the massachusetts regulation
the masses
the matriarch of the graham publishing empire
the mccann family
the measure
the media team
the mediator
the meeting
the moscow summit
the most devastating crash in the farm economy since the great depression
themselves
the nerds
the netherlands' biggest insurance group
the new options
the new york labor consultant who developed the strategy at geo. a. hormel & co.'s austin, minn., meatpacking plant last year
the new york unit
the no. 1 auto maker
the no. 2 frozen-vegetables brand in the u.s. behind grand metropolitan plc's green giant
the northwest airlines flight attendants union
the nwa inc. unit
the often fiery rainbow coalition president
the only big three auto maker to turn a profit
the options
the order
the other one at the washington summit
the paul weiss partner in charge of the investigation, mark a. belnick,
the payments
the pay terms
the persons
the piedmont acquisition
the pilots
the president of the association of professional flight attendants, which represents american's more than 10,000 flight attendants,
the process
the program
the program's record
the provision
the retired chairman of canadian-based emco ltd., a maker of plumbing and petroleum equipment
the rise in labor costs and wage settlements, which has been narrowing for most of the decade,
the rival vhs format
the round of talks with mr. subroto
the sagan code name
the securities administrators
the securities industry
the senate bill
the senate bill, with its large number of mandatory minimum sentences, death penalties and federalization of local crimes
the senate finance committee's trade counsel
the senate-passed crime bill
the settlement
the sgs-thomson unit
the shares
the spokesman
the statement
the strong opposition to the measure
the subject
the suit
the supreme court ruling
the talks in the uae
the taster's choice commercials that are like a running soap opera
the teamsters union
the ual board
the union
the union, a teamsters chapter
the union's 2,800 nbc members
the unions representing northwest pilots and machinists
the vhs machines
the washington summit
the women's apparel specialty retailer
the woolworth board
the workers, members of the office and professional employees international union local 153
this moscow summit
this type of legal work
this week
tiny battery-operated color mini-tvs with built-in videocassette recorders
total compensation costs in private industry, including pay and benefits,
total opec output
tower's top video buyer
tv
twa's bid for usair
twa's bid to buy the company for $52 a share
twa's first application
twa's offer for usair
ual's chief executive officer
union representatives who could be reached
union
usair's largest shareholder
usair's tender offer for piedmont stock
u.s. operations
various amendments to the mediation act
vhs-c machines
vhs machines
viacom executives
viacom's separate merger with blockbuster
vice chairman of mary kay corp., a privately held cosmetics company
vice president for human resources of the auto maker's chrysler motors subsidiary
vice president of law and business development at kaleida labs inc., a mountain view software company
video editor of this week in consumer electronics
walkout
washington attorney
woolworth board
woolworth's board
woolworth's chief financial officer for several years until july 1, 1993
woolworth shares
yesterday's performance
#some extra MUC-6
1st-period
1st-period net @ in middle range of forecasts
2 firms
accord
accounting
accounting irregularities
additional blow to bid
additional shares of usair group inc.
advertising
african-americans
an arms pact
a price war
arbitration
attendants
back pay
bankruptcy
battle over back pay
blacks
brokers
chairman
chairman of archer daniels midland co.
chairman of fmc corp.
chairman of johnson publishing co.
chairman of occidental petroleum corp.
chairman of painewebber group inc.
chairman of polaroid corp.
chairman of quaker oats co.
chairman of salomon brothers inc.
chairman of sun co.
chairman of time warner inc.
chief executive of citgo petroleum corp.
chief executive officer of news corp.
chief executive of fox inc. and twentieth century fox film corp., both units of news corp.
chief executive of paramount pictures corp., a unit of paramount communications inc.
chief executive of qvc
chief executive of thinking machines corp.
chief financial officer of bankamerica corp.
code-naming
computer maker
court
crime
date for talks on pay-cut plan
deficit
deficit-cutting
crime bill
computer maker's move
department
early aluminum talks
eastern pilots
executives
finance chief
ford talks with uaw
gain on sale
guild
its name
its union talks
labor
media
mediation
mediator
mediation in its union talks
multimedia
name
nerds over at apple computer inc.
pact
technology-sharing
technology-sharing accord
the editor
the colorado democrat
the chairman of defense contractor martin marietta corp.
the chairman of itt corp.
the current pacts with aluminum co. of america and reynolds metals co.
the gain from the recent sale of its 60% interest in western national corp., the newly public parent of western national life insurance co.
wage
wage agreements
your may 5 article, "farm-debt mediation catches on in iowa."
an operating loss of $538 million in 1991
board
butt-head astronomer
chief executive officer since the company was founded in 1932
democrat of delaware
group of top executives
high-tech
his state of the union address
law firms
lawyers
middle range of forecasts
move
murdoch's interest in new york post
president of bp america inc.
president of seagram co.
president of shell oil co.
retailer
team to consolidate @ assets of paramount and blockbuster
the black caucus
the chief financial officer of woolworth corp.
the east coast
the east room
the head of washington post co.
the newly public parent of western national life insurance co.
two top woolworth officers
violence
#MUC-7
the first aviator to assume the navy's top-ranking job since 1982
a "crucial time"
a direct cop from a 1974 sweet album
a mechanic who has worked at the base nearly 30 years
an aviation lawyer who was assistant secretary of transportation for policy and international affairs from 1989 to 1993
at least three days
channel devoted to a topic that many americans cringe at recalling from their high school days
head of the second fleet during the u.s. intervention in haiti in 1994
just-released album, "sweet f.a." (the title, a direct cop from a 1974 sweet album, is english slang for "sweet nothing"),
"sweet f.a." (the title, a direct cop from a 1974 sweet album, is english slang for "sweet nothing")
the 1991 tailhook convention, a gathering of naval aviators in las vegas where 83 women were assaulted,
the british trio that was an offshoot of the early '80s goth band bauhaus and was last glimpsed on the charts in 1989
the crashes this year
the crash of trans world airlines flight 800
the f-14 that crashed on thursday
the only activity by divers in the past seven days
the past two days
the plane, a 1975 single-engine cessna 177b cardinal,
the plane you're catching tomorrow
the second in a week
these three crashes this year
the third fatal one involving a c-130 in the past 15 months
#promed
1st case of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome of 2004
